Ami's Hello Hell generated this time is er
Iphone 5 Oh in my house
I think that I want to open it because it has been done
How first time iphone 5 is a good hey etc.
White is a white box and black is in a black box
I bought a thread this time so
Oh It is a white box
I think I want to open as soon as possible
Wui
First of all
Contains the body
do it
It is when the lid is opened
Wintering
Always a street tree
Instructions
With paper that iphone is written
It is a seal as usual , isn't it the contents as usual ?
It contains the contents of the fold
Well first to the left
Yeah was a new ward tire
The earphone is in
I will ask
I feel kind of easy to hear
It seems that something was pretty
But what kind of matter
It's so complicated that the secretary's meeting
It has been put away
I feel like I can not return
In the first form
When
Softening say
It is in a strange form
Arrogant
Love is a little different form
Take Day
The one in the middle is the charger
Well
It is the place of the entrance
This is the same was also contained in the iphone 4 s more
This cable is overwintering
Only the lightning cable renewed with this iphone 5 is sure
I feel like it was such a name
When
Before 4 s 4 is whether 4 Toka such size it is uc of
Good
I inserted this one, but
The lightning cable is this time
Great
I have a small focus face
It was a great little bit
Oh, in this lower part of the iphone tree
I'm leaving now
Hmm
The contents are like this
Oh yeah
First and I iphone is what
This time
I can't compare it a little because I took a camera with the town and 4s
Well 412
It's been a long time ago I've got one last time but I'm 41 now
Great
I was longer
Now about the size and
Great Deus
It becomes thinner than 4s
It is getting thinner at all
Well
It has become even lighter to do is thinner
And was earlier description youngest in to the first person of the river, which was under
No lightning cable
And the earphone of the insertion port between got a little smaller, which say
The last one that the earphone jack provided below is
There was a Japan check above
I had said this time was
There are two heads and there are two speakers last time
It feels like a little power up without the previous one
On top
The above is only this button, but there was an earphone jack last time
This time
What on the top was clean only this button
a 4 pieces are always plus and minus buttons and after
It is a button to switch the Well manner mode of Um land Trafficking You know nothing
It is only the part that contains the sim card
I feel like this and use it well
It properly and said, lte
cormorant is this time kddi
kddi's
16 I purchased a giga
Well Well I think or siphon pipe was continue to Toka Well lot of reviews from this etc.
So I think in everyone you for watching and I would like to enclosing end net Well now
Thank you very much